after we're on a two-week vacation it
was our summer vacation and a lot of
habit while we were off the air we had
not one but two major earthquakes here
in Southern California one of which was
so strong Kawhi Leonard somehow wound up
on the Clippers I didn't I didn't feel
either one of the earthquakes I don't
know I was driving once and the other
one I was like here well you feel like I
don't know I didn't feel anything but a
lot of people did and you know what you
do when there's a big earthquake you
immediately you have to get your phone
out start rolling cameras because this
earthquake everyone was taping it shook
up some kind of weirdo school
performance I don't know what was going
on there this apartment this is the
apartment lost ate a television set even
at Dodger Stadium they felt the
earthquake you can see there the camera
shaking and the big one was swimming
pools there were a lot a lot of videos
of swimming pools and you can see that's
a terrifying situation right there
this pool had a like a mini tsunami is
that one as little fan she's holding up
in the air I know what the local news -
they were even live on the local news
[Applause]
some people people I know we're
complaining that their dogs didn't warn
them about the earthquake I know what
are the dogs suppose a roof my daughter
Katie lives about a mile from the
epicenter of the quake that happened on
Friday night and she makes ceramics
she's a ceramics artist which is the
perfect job to have an acquaintance but
the quake was that one was seven point
one which they say is ten times more
powerful than the 6.4 quake on the 4th
of July which I don't this Richter scale
makes no sense at all why not just do it
on a scale of one to a hundred if it's
one it's nothing if it's 100 you're dead
it's making like Yelp after the
earthquake we as a group decide what
number to give
[Music]
this happens every once in a while and
nobody ever seems to know what to do you
know they used to say when the ground
starts shaking get under a doorway and
that was the move for many years but
then someone said don't get no don't get
under a Dory never get under a doorway
get under a table find a strong table
not one of those IKEA tables a strong
one get on to the middle of it and that
was the rule get on in the middle of the
table for many years until someone
decided you should not get under the
middle of the table because there's
something heavy Falls you'll be crushed
like an empty soda can so get next to
the edge of the table that way the
debris will hit the table and bounce off
and they even named this the triangle of
life which is where you'd want to be but
now they say the triangle of life is
actually the triangle of death and you
should not be in it
now they say drop cover and hold on so
don't run drop to your hands and knees
wherever you are
cover your head and neck so the
earthquake can't see you I guess and
hold on until the earthquake stop in
other words get down on your knees and
pray that Jesus will stop making the
world shake but this doesn't seem like a
plan to be drop cover and hold I don't
like any plan that ends with hold on
okay you hold on I'm going out to buy a
blimp but I'm flying out of this place I
got a lot of texture in the earthquake
which is exactly what you need in a time
of crisis I got a lot of texting are you
guys okay you're know I'm buried under a
pile of rubble I was gonna call 9-1-1
but instead I'm gonna please send help
so I was telling some people this
happened a lot of us we went around the
office today we collected texts people
got from their relatives after the
earthquake this one went to one of our
producers Brett Sachs and this is from
his mom
she wrote okay you are not going back to
LA 6.5 earthquake quit your job come to
Texas New York is sinking we're in LA by
we don't live in New York I don't know
what's going on with Brett and his
mother but call me seriously tell Jimmy
Kimmel your mother will not allow you to
go back 38 after shots all right he
knows that here's another one to one of
our production assistants Maggie she got
text from her cousin Darryl who wrote
how is that earthquake today we don't
get those things over here lol snow may
be but the earth doesn't shake lol when
you comin back we didn't feel it over
here lol well that sounds like a cousin
Darryl to me that's for sure anyway
don't worry we're all fine we have our
yoga mats to protect us lol ok if you
like that video click the subscribe
button but only if you're ready for
commitment